# CS-340-Dashboard
For this class we created a program that was maintainable, readable, and adaptable by adding them into a MongoDB database, and creating methods that made it easy to create, read, update, and delete things from the database so form there we imported the database into our animal shelter python program and into jupyter notebook to run. 
The advantages of working this way was it made it easily accesible to multiple parties as long as the outcomes were imported into the MongoDB. But it also meant things stayed clean and we could see the coding we were working on easier. Everything was organized and ran off each other so it was easier to check for errors and locate where those errors were. 
I think you can use the CRUD method for most anyhthing becusae it does simplify being able to do everythign to a document. It makes it easier to update databases, delete things that are no longer needed and make changes with jsut a few lines of code instead of going back through and deleteing thigns manually searching through a long database yourself. 
The way I approached problems was to stare at them for hours and get frustrated trying to figure it out myself. From there I look up videos on youtube to see if my coding is correct and if i'm missing anything and then i reach out to peers or my professor for help. I would follow the same steps at a job since i learn best by doing things, sitting there trying to figure out the issue helps me in the long run so i know how to fix it in the future. 
I will definitly continue to use the CRUD method since this isn't the first class i've used this in either and I always find it works pretty smoothly and makes things easier. The specification other clients will want just need to be adjusted based on their needs. Thats easy to do as long as you plan out what changes you need to make and how to showcase that from a front end perspective and what needs to happen backend to make that happen. Planning out your time and project will help you in the long run jsut like we do for school working on it in sections so it's easier to error check along the way. 
Computer scientist to me are the middle man or the interpreter for the computer to english. We make sure to translate what the computer is saying and we bring back what we need in computer language so they understand. We basically talk to the computer in whatever language fits best for whatever project we are working on in whatever tool and help the computer create what is needed. It matters becuase without us there wouldn't be websites, there wouldn't be programs, apps, databases, it would all be back to paper. Even websites you can build without being a CS like etsy, that was written in code by a CS developer to make it possible for you to update and make changes to your own etsy store. 
